this year is intended to be the typical video where we say adventure
let's convince everyone we have achieved the objectives
that we had marked
it is rather this way of giving thanks
to all those who have made it possible for us to travel by our bicycles
to fulfill a dream
the fact of welding
and if you look at the media that you have supported us
more than five thousand people in cambodia still have no access to drinking water
and hundreds of children
they would lack the bicycle they need
to travel the many kilometers that separate you from the schools
from the beginning I signed up
levi's made our project
alicia ventura solidaria has counted this year with 24 sponsor
kean fund school material in three child care centers of the
Street
capital of cambodia
the construction of 33 drinking water wells
the purchase of almost six hundred pitic letters for children that rural areas
that the south of cambodia
can attend the neck
the media have also been essential to make the cure
echoing in an extraordinary way this solidarity project
since the beginning of 2008, more than 80 articles and reports have been published
this year's stage in both national and regional newspapers
and specialized magazines
On radio the team members have participated in
50 radio programs throughout Spain
also the televisions
2 the news
Spanish mission of the sixth
they have echoed
especially the official presentation
February 9
gathered in the cigarral of the mercedes
up to seven televisions
twelve newspapers and specialized magazines the two agencies of
news seven radio stations
On the internet there are almost four hundred pages with references
direct to this project
Including google world punctual
humanitarian john
or the University of Salamanca
only during the 20 days
the urola expedition
the pad officially adventure
he received more fish
the initiatives do not stop
an exhibition of photographs about
the house of the shells in salamanca
conferences and colloquia
in three forums
and the making of a documentary shot during the expedition
the federation of regional televisions
behind me are yaos laos thailand never
morning vietnam
now we look towards the next stage
in this round the world solo
in these saddlebags all those surprises that the films have given us
our step
and forever
thankfulness
by sandy
been this year
once again
make our solidarity dream come true
i tormo
madonna
a friend